My personal PE journey, and how Angion changed my life
TL;DR at the bottom

Before you read this post, I have 2 notes:
I am NOT an expert! This is entirely based on my own experiences with PE over the last decade, and most of what I'm presenting may have worked for me, but please don't just assume it'll work for you. The best advice I can give is to experiment (within reason, and as safely as possible), and learn your body, both inside and out, as best as you can. Doing this will take time, effort, and likely lead to more than a few roadblocks along the way. Just don't give up and keep pushing forward!

RESEARCH!!!!! Never assume that what you see is what you get. Through my journey, I've spent thousands of dollars on manual and electric pumps, extenders, suction and vacuum devices, other PE tools, creams, supplements, pills, and everything in-between. In that time, I've also wasted hundreds of dollars, due to being too hasty, and/or due to a lack of understanding as to what I'm buying. The internet has generously provided men like us an outlet to ask questions and learn from other people's experiences, yet still maintain our privacy. Take advantage and use that knowledge!

First, I'd like to simply thank Janus for his incredible research, and all the amazing techniques and exercises he's created. Without his tireless efforts and in-depth research, I would NEVER have gotten to where I am, today. He is truly a pioneer in the field of PE!

So... Why am I writing this post? Well, to be honest, I've been a lurker in many online PE forums for nearly 10 years, and a lurker in numerous subreddits during more recent years, but I've always been too scared to share my story. You see, from day 1, I kept hearing about men who were 5"-7" BPEL, going for that extra bit of length, so they could be 'above average', please their partner, or simply enjoy a newfound level of confidence. But not me. DEFINITELY not me...

DEEP BREATH

Why, you ask? Well, that's simple. When I first started my PE journey, I didn't even have a 3" BPEL (it was right around 7.2cm or 72mm, and yes, I was measuring in millimeters...). I was also overweight, which had created a rather large fatpad around my penis, making it look even smaller (I had less than 2" of length, showing above the fatpad). Both conditions were due to countless health issues when I was a baby/child, with steroids being the only solution that allowed me to function on a daily basis. But, regardless of the health reasons for my condition, it didn't change the fact that I was packing less heat than a snowman with a tic-tac in place of the standard carrot. Even more humiliating than my size, was the one and only time I attempted to have sex in my teenage years. Most people remember their first experience as being life-changing. I remember it vividly, simply because of how hard my gf laughed and berated me for my size, repeating 'Thumbdick' over and over again as I redressed and left her house in tears...

Needless to say, I wanted desperately to find SOME kind of solution, but my one sexual encounter had scared me shitless, and at that point, I was far too afraid to actually ask anyone for help. I felt isolated and inadequate, which led to depression, which led to more weight gain and a LOT of angry, depressed masturbation. I was convinced that I would just have to live with what life had given me. Then, in early 2010 while browsing different male enhancement pills, I stumbled on an article about Jelqing. I had all but given up on the idea that I'd be able to improve my situation, but something about this technique sparked my interest, and since I really didn't have anything to lose, I dove head first down the rabbit hole.

Fast forward to late 2017, and I was neck deep in different PE products, devices, and 'miracle cures'. I was also jelqing as often as my body would allow, even though looking back, I wasn't doing a very thorough job of it... Not only that, but I'd only seen a very small improvement to my EQ (I was only about 3.1" BPEL at this point). I had exhausted many other options in PE, such as pumps, hangers, and countless pills and supplements. I was beginning to slide back into depression, in regards to my size, and again, I was ready to just give up and be asexual for the rest of my life. Then, in mid-2018, I stumbled upon Janus' Youtube videos, and eventually r/AngionMethod. Here was something new, that approached the idea of EQ in a completely different way than I was used to. Janus presented techniques that were backed by science and experimentation, and again, I dove right in, in the hopes of finding a solution.

And holy shit... Janus's videos and research gave me a whole new perspective on PE. The Angion Methods and SABER technique, as well as the community around Angion, have changed my life in more ways than one, and it's taken me from being scared and ashamed of sex, to being confident and in control, even giving me the confidence to pursue sexual relationships with women, not ONE of which has ended in my humiliation. On the contrary, I've had some stellar sexual encounters, but I'll talk about that another time. Right now, I'd just like to talk about my own experiences with Angion.

Today, my personal and sexual health is at an all-time high, and I've achieved what I think most men dream about. Complete control over my orgasms and ejaculation. I'm also in the best health of my life, thanks to many of the people on this subreddit, giving helpful advice about healthy eating and proper nutrition. Honestly, looking back, I'm amazed at how far I've come, and it's all thanks to this community, and of course, to Janus.

The Power of Angion, SABER, and Vascion
For starters, I HIGHLY suggest that anyone interested in these techniques, spend some time watching Janus's videos, and reading the guides scattered around this subreddit. Yes, it will take a decent chunk of time to work through all of it, and it'll require some study, but take it from me, it's worth the effort. I've been following along since Janus 2nd video post, and reading all of his guides and posts, as well as practicing and researching on my own. That time and dedication is what has gotten me to where I am now.

Angion Method 1:
As the guides say, this is the starting point, and it takes a little time to properly condition your blood vessels for the next method, but it is an essential building block for AM-2. I used porn a LOT while I was practicing this technique, as I had difficulty maintaining an erection at this point in time. But, over the weeks and months of AM-1, I could feel the difference in the blood flow in my penis, and my need for porn to achieve an erection was quickly fading. I also started to notice that my EQ was increasing drastically, something that I'd never seen with any other PE techniques or tools. When Janus released AM-2, I was more than ready to move on. That said, once I did move on to AM-2, I stopped using this method, entirely.

Angion Method 2:
This was the method that started my sexual awakening. The sensation of the blood flowing in and rushing out was a new experience for me, and with my improved EQ, it quickly became quite satisfying, even pleasurable. With AM-1, I had a hard time achieving and maintaining an erection for quite some time, but with AM-2, I found myself going from flaccid to hard INCREDIBLY fast, and STAYING hard for the duration of my AM-2 workout, with little to no effort. In fact, this method was so much more intense than AM-1, that I suddenly found myself having sensitivity issues. If I wasn't careful, I could easily push myself over the edge and blow my load, which is NOT the point of these exercises. So, I had to really start focusing on controlling my arousal, and fending off ejaculation, which inadvertently forced me to edge while doing AM-2. I was suddenly practicing muscle and orgasm control, without even realizing what I was doing at the time.
When AM-3 (Vascion) was released, I moved on without hesitation, but AM-2 has become a powerful tool for me, when it comes to achieving erections. It's more powerful than any pill I've ever used, and I've even found that I can use this method to become erect, even immediately after ejaculating. This has allowed me to effectively ignore the refractory period when I want to, which has led to some mind-blowing sexual experiences. Look up 'Post Orgasm Torture', if you're both curious and daring. The pleasure is indescribable, but I digress...

Angion Method 3 (Vascion):
Vascion is a masterwork by Janus, and it has truly changed my life. When I first started Vascion, I had even worse issues with sensitivity than I had with AM-2. For the first month ror so, I rarely ended a session before the pleasure became overwhelming, and I inevitably ejaculated, which was incredibly frustrating. I had been making such huge leaps in my EQ, but it didn't feel like I'd be able to make any more progress, if I couldn't get my ejaculations under control. This is when I discovered 'Edging', and began to read up on dry orgasms, and how ejaculation and orgasm are 2 VERY different things. It's difficult to explain, but let's just say that my focus for the next 8-ish months was simply to be able to separate the two, and orgasm without actually ejaculating. It was one hell of an undertaking, and Vascion was my key to achieving this. During this time, I also went back to using porn to help me achieve my goals, as I needed to push myself more than ever. And yes, I know, it's bad to use porn, but hear me out...
Basically, I took the idea of the 'Pyramid Rush' part of AM 1, and applied it to Vascion, using a neat little series of porn videos called 'Cock Hero'. Just think Guitar Hero, only the beats are Vascion motions. At first, I ejaculated a LOT, but as I continued to practice, I started to find the sweet spot where speed, pressure, and length of motion from base to head, put me RIGHT on the edge, but wouldn't push me over. It also helped that my sessions were getting longer and longer, without ejaculating, which gave me more and more time to practice. In time, I was edging so close to the point-of-no-return, that I started having orgasms without ejaculating, and once I'd experienced dry orgasms a handful of times, I was officially in control.
Now, over a year later, Vascion has become something more for me. Through a lot of fine-tuning, I've found a rhythm that keeps me a safe distance from ejaculating, but pushes so much blood through my member, that it feels VERY similar to when I'm using a pump. This level of control has allowed me to effectively pump my penis, for as long as I want, without ever needing an actual cock-ring or pump, and without risking donuts or bruising, like regular pumping. I still can't get the level of stretching that a pump is capable of delivering, but it's DAMN close to being the same effect. As of right now, I've seen the most gains, BY FAR, from Vascion, especially in conjunction with my pumping sessions (explained below).

SABER:
I'm fairly new to this method, and I've only been doing it for a few weeks now, but I can honestly say that SABER has brought about the most drastic aesthetic changes to my member. I started with thumb strikes, and moved on to different tools, eventually creating my own custom striking tool made of a thin, semi-hard rubber tubing, filled with rice. It's soft enough that it's slightly bendable, but hard and heavy enough to give me solid strikes, without risking damage.
As for the results, I don't know that this one has done much for my size, but it's done miracles for my EQ. I had kind of expected that the Angion Methods would make the veins on my dick pop, but it's the SABER method that has done that.

Thoughts on Other PE techniques / Tools:
As I stated earlier, I've tried a LOT of different methods of PE in the past, with little to no success. But, in recent years, I've begun to incorporate some of them into my routines, which has created some pretty incredible results, so here's a little breakdown for you.

Pumping
Through the years, I've tried both air and water pumps, as well as electric vacuum pumps. But, on it's own, pumping never really did much for me. It always hurt, and the gains were ephemeral, at best. Not only that, but before I discovered Angion, I always wanted to pump until the feeling bordered on pain, thinking that stressing my member was the only way that this method could work. It usually just led to bruising and donuts, and I'm sure I don't need to tell you that THAT is not how I you should go about using a pump...
In more recent years, pumping has become a staple of my 'Heavy days'. I usually do 2 or 3 sets at 4-5 minutes, and I alternate between hydro-pumping and air pumping, depending on how I'm feeling that day. I ALWAYS follow-up a pumping session with Vascion, which functions similarly to using a cock-ring. Vascion lets me keep my member engorged, and helps me maintain the pumped size for MUCH longer, without the potential issues of using a ring.
Oh, and I've thrown out my electric pumps, as it is significantly more difficult to moderate pressure with them, and I have become rather picky with how much pressure I apply using pumps, now-a-days.

Hanging
Honestly, I've never successfully done this, but I intend to give it a try in the very near future. Initially, I just didn't have enough length to use such a device, but over the past couple years, that has changed drastically. I look forward to trying one of these again, sometime soon, as everyone seems convinced that this is the best way to achieve permanent length gains.

Jelqing
This practice has never really given me much in the ways of gains, or any real results, honestly. Also, from what I've read and experienced in more recent years, it's a technique that has a rather high probability of causing damage to your member, even when preformed properly. That said, I've adopted a modified form of Jelqing, which is essentially the same motion, only with a much slower, lighter pressure. This modified method has become a pretty solid warm-up / cool-down addition for my PE session. I only do it for a few minutes before I begin my main workout, and I give my member the same treatment at the end of my session. As I've said, regular or intensive jelqing has never done much for me, but the lighter version has been a good warmup exercise, to get my penis ready for a full workout.

Side-to-Sides (S2S)
This is probably my favorite of all the PE techniques, as you can literally do this anywhere, anytime, without need for lube, warmups, or other PE tools. All you need is a firm grip, and a little bit of time to do proper sets. Right now, I'm doing this nearly every day, save my 'Full Rest' days, and depending on where I am / what I'm doing, my S2S routine can be anything from 2, quick sets of stretches in all directions, to as many as 10, minute long stretches in all directions. It's a great exercise to do in bed, or on the toilet. But, like anything else, I try my best to not overdo it.

Pills and Supplements
While I used to REALLY hate pills, for giving me false sense of hope when I was just Jelqing, now they help to give me the clearest picture as to what my current EQ is capable of. Think of your regular, day-to-day EQ, like seeing a body builder in the gym doing his daily workout, and using a pill for your EQ, as seeing what the body builder looks like in a competition. It's a fun way to see how your EQ is progressing. Plus, with a little research, you can find male sex pills that are good replacements for taking supplements like L-Arginine, Magnesium, etc... individually. Just make sure they aren't full of weird crap.
That said, don't be afraid to take supplements. They will boost your EQ and gains, alongside a solid workout, and when it comes to sex, they'll most certainly improve your overall performance.

Current Routine:
As I'm almost certain that I'll be asked this one, and because I've referenced some of this above, I'm going to toss my daily routine and weekly regimen up, for anyone who's interested.

HEAVY Day:
Tools: Hydro / Hand Pump, Warm Towel, LOTS of lube

Before I start - Warm Towel for 5-6 minutes to loosen up (Unless I'm in the bath to hydro-pump)

Warmup - a few minutes of light Jelqing

Core of Session:

I usually do 4-5 minutes of pumping, or until I feel the skin of my penis getting taut

If the pump leaves my member a bit flushed, I'll use AM-2 to remove the coloration, then pause for a few minutes

It the pump is clean, or after some AM-2, I'll jump right into Vascion for anywhere from 5-20 minutes

After Vascion, I'll do a few sets of S2S, usually no more than 10 minutes worth

I'll repeat this pattern 2 or 3 times, before moving to the cool-down

Cool-down - A few minutes of light Jelqing, followed by a complete wipe-down / shower if needed.

Standard Day:
Tools: Warm Towel, LOTS of lube

Before I start - Warm Towel for 5-6 minutes to loosen up

Warmup - a few minutes of light Jelqing

Core of Session:

I usually only need a minute or 2 of AM-2 to get a solid erection

Vascion. I usually go for 30-45 minutes, but sessions can go for WELL over an hour, if my schedule allows me to extend the session.

Cool-down - A few minutes of light Jelqing, followed by a complete wipe-down / shower if needed.

SABER Day:
Tools: Warm Towel, Striking tool

Before I start - Warm Towel for 5-6 minutes to loosen up

Warmup - I usually do some AM-2 to achieve the optimal level of erection for SABER

Core of Session - SABER strikes for 10-20 minutes (I'm still fine-tuning this and learning the optimal number of strikes needed)

Cool-down - Another warm towel for 5-6 minutes to help with any tenderness

S2S / Light Day:
Tools: Nothing

Core of Session - 1-3 S2S sessions, usually 2-10 sets @ 30-60 seconds.

These days are very similar to a Full Rest Day, and the two days can be somewhat interchangeable.

Full Rest Day:
Tools: Nothing
Core of Session - Nothing. Time to let my member rest.

Typical Week:
HEAVY Day

Full Rest Day (Always follows a HEAVY Day)

Standard Day

SABER Day

S2S / Light Day

Standard Day

S2S / Light Day

Some weeks, I'll replace one of the S2S Days with another Full Rest, if needed. And, if something feels off, or if I see any signs of stress / damage, I won't hesitate to take additional days off. I've had 2 times in 2020, where I took over a week off, due to overdoing it on a Standard or HEAVY Day. My point is, don't be afraid to take additional Full Rest Days.

TL;DR
Final Thoughts and Current Plans:
As of right now, I have no intentions of stopping, and I'm even looking to try, and possibly incorporate, a hanger / extender into my weekly routines. I'm open to any input from the community on this one, as I'm hoping to be more active after this post. As for my gains, I have no doubt that people are going to doubt me on this, but:

Before Angion - Roughly 3.1" BPEL (just under 8cm, or around 78mm)

Currently - I'm just over 4.8" BPEL (about 12.2cm)

Because of the length issues I've been dealing with for most of my life, I've really only focused on that measurement. My girth has never been a focus, nor have I really been interested in improving it, at least until I'd done something about my length. Now that I'm making solid progress, and I've set myself with a goal of 5" BPEL, I figure I'll start looking into that a bit more. For now, I'm just happy to be WAY above where I started, and my gains aren't showing any sign of stopping. My confidence is up, my personal health is in a good place, and to top it off, I've achieved such a crazy level of control over my orgasms, that I barely even think about busting a nut, anymore. Sex is another story, but during PE sessions, I can orgasm for hours without ejaculating. It's Awesome!

In summation, thank you from the bottom of my heart, Janus! You're a hero to men like me! Oh, and before anyone asks...
NO! I'm NOT posting photos. At least, not yet. I'm still rebuilding my confidence, and posting dick pics for the whole internet to see, is a HUGE step to take. Please, just don't ask. I'll probably share them someday in the future, but now isn't that day. So, again, please, please, PLEASE don't ask.