Breaking Down the Angion Methods(Hand Techniques 1,2,3)
Hey Guys,

Janus Here,

Perhaps one of the most asked questions I get from guys is whether or not they can skip over the various levels of the Angion Methods.

One of the first things I always tell guys when they ask me this question is that the exercises are numbered in terms of difficulty in relation to vascular develop. In most cases, males present with severe arterial insufficiency unless they are already significantly well endowed; this being either already possessing girth in excess of 5.5 inches, or length in excess of around 7 inches.

Put simply, the male member will develop proportionally in relation to the supporting vascular networks. Contrary to popular belief most notably seen in traditional PE circles, the male member will not grow before the vascular networks. In truth, no tissue can outpace its base nutrient delivery rates. This is one of the main reasons why some men can train for months or even years and not see a single tick on the tape measure. Even in the case of bodybuilding, beginners will often note improved muscle pumps, muscular fullness throughout the day, and improved endurance well before they ever see more ticks on a tape measure. This is due vascular growth. Professionally, this is why I always incorporate dedicated times for aerobic training into any weightlifting routine I plan out for my clients. As a benefit of incorporating aerobic exercise, subjects will typically experience muscle growth rates that far outstrip weight lifting only based training programs, especially older clients so long as caloric and protein intakes stay proportional to the work load. In hard gainers, usually subjects that present with vascular complications either from: poor dietary intakes, sedentary lifestyles, or age. In these instances--I will usually also suggest vaso-active supplementation.


The first of these suggestions is typically increased water intake. The second being amino acids such as L-Citruline given that its much more pleasing to the palate than the more basic amino acid L-Arginine. Along side these suggestions, I also encourage clients to track sodium intakes in relation to potassium. The reason for this suggestion stems from vascular biology. Sodium is a known vasoconstrictor while potassium is well known for relaxing endothelial cells and improving overall tissue saturations. However, I strongly discourage only supplementing with potassium given the ease with which it can be overc-onsumed and result in dangerously low blood pressure, headaches, nausea, and even vision problems in extreme cases. Where possible, potassium should be consumed in naturally occurring sources such as fruits, vegetables, and beans/legumes. Beyond these basic suggestions, I also strongly encourage my clients to keep track of processed sugar intakes and total sugar intakes given that these can cause spikes in fasting blood glucose levels and eventually damage the vascular pathways resulting in reduced nitric oxide signaling among other things.

Getting to the heart of the issue, one of the main reasons why I strongly discourage skipping the various levels of the Angion Methods stems from the concept of proper stimulation in relations to current vascular pathway development. Using weight lifting again as an example, we could very easily compare the various levels of the Angion Methods to increasingly heavier weights. Making a general comparison, Angion Method 1.0 could be thought of as the 15-20lb weights/dumbbells whereas on the opposite end of the spectrum 3.0 could be thought of as the 50-60lb weights/dumbbells. While a complete newbies might be able to struggle fight and strain up a 50-60lb dumbbell for a rep or two, it would be a less than ideal workout and most likely result in more injuries than actual progress. This stems from the fact that a newbie simply doesn't have the kind of muscular bulk, control, or strength to properly utilize this weight range.

Talking further on Angion Method levels in light of this example, I'd like to comment on vascular pathway diameters and flow rates. Whenever a vascular pathway is relatively small and underdeveloped, it can only allow so much blood to pass through its channel over a given period of time and it matters little how much a male might struggle to supersede that limit. Given this fact, that is one of the reasons why the Angion Methods are a timed form of exercise much like aerobic based training regiments. Accepting the fact that a blood vessel can only allow so much blood to pass through its channels, the Angion Methods are designed and ordered in such a way as to max out the potential blood flow rates at a given level of develop and then keep the flow levels at that ceiling for extended periods of time while also not outstripping inflow thus resulting in a loss of erectile body fullness.

One of the most commonly reported problems newbies face when they first undertake Angion Method training is waning erectile fullness or a complete loss of an erection. This relates directly back to flow limits in relation to development. Any time a male is noting a loss of fullness or complete loss of an erection, this is a powerful outward indicator that they are outstripping flow rates in relation to their development. Ideally, a male should avoid losing their erections, but a loss of fullness is actually a good indicator that they are adequately stimulating the vascular pathways.

Talking on waning fullness at the various levels, this will present a little differently depending on the exercise.

ANGION METHOD 1.0

In case of 1.0, being a venous targeted exercise approach, males will almost always experience a reduction in corporal body fullness both in terms of length and girth. This is literally because they are pulling blood out of their erectile bodies faster than their arterial pathways can supply. In the beginning, men will often fight tooth and nail with their underdeveloped arterial pathways in that with as little as a minute of training, they have all but completely lost hardness and be forced to wait for their erection to return. The good news though is that most men will nearly always report improved fullness and resting hang within a matter of days due to improved arterial compliance and make leaps and strides in terms of how long they can exercise before losing fullness and subsequently their erections. Typically within the first few weeks of training, most men will be able to graduate from this first level and begin experimenting with 2.0 as they gain the ability to palpate a pulse in their Dorsal Arteries.

ANGION METHOD 2.0

By the time a male reaches 2.0, they almost always note dramatic improvements in resting fullness and hang as an outward indicator of both increased arterial compliance, but also their newly developed vascular channel diameter. As a product of both of these factors, the vascular pathways can now support a much greater rate of flow and have therefore reached a kind of homeostasis in relation to shear stress caused by 1.0. In order to progress further, it is crucial to now reach this new ceiling by once again increasing flow rates to max and then sustaining this new level of flow. In the initial stages of 2.0, men will often report notable increases in venous fullness and comment how their member now looks more veiny than normal, but its rare to see an reporting visually apparent arterial pathways such as the dorsal arteries that run along the top of the male member along side the Deep Dorsal Vein. Typically, the way a male will know whether or not they are ready to progress to a higher level is based on the emergence of the Dorsal Arteries. By the tail end of 2.0, the Dorsal Arteries will be very visually apparent when the member is gently clamped and bent downward while in a heavily engorged state. However, despite now being visible, they are not yet the telling muscular tubes that we will see develop during 3.0.

Talking on what to expect with performing 2.0, a loss of fullness will present itself in a slightly different fashion to 1.0; given that 2.0 is when men first experiment with arterial flow manipulation. In the case of 2.0, males will usually experience a reduced degree of fullness in their Corpora Spongiosum--what I like to call the "Dreaded Flattening". Quite literally, the Corpora Spongiosum will lose so much fullness as to go completely flat and the glans will usually also significantly shrivel as the exercise taxes the newly developed internal arterial diameters to the max. The good news though is that by this point, men are rarely forced to wait too long before the Corpora Spongiosum and Glans return to working fullness. The best way to know if you are getting close to graduation is whether or not you can perform 2.0 for about 10-15 minutes straight without losing fullness. And finally, graduation comes when you complete 20-30 minutes of training without a loss of fullness.

ANGION METHOD 3.0

Anytime males successfully reach 3.0, they will already have noted an extreme difference in erectile fullness, hardness, resting hang, color, and overall sensitivity. Similarly, they will also note greatly improved arterial pathway fullness. By this point, the Dorsal Arteries are highly visible if not starting to take on a rope like appearance. Much like before, 3.0 is all about taxing the newly developed arterial internal diameters to the max. The only difference with 3.0 is that by this time, men will take note of a pleasant side effect of the training--extreme erectile fullness and short lived priapisms! At this level, the name of the game is speed and staying power. In the beginning, men will still struggle somewhat with Corpora Spongiosum flattening, but in most cases(should they have properly progressed through the various stages) they will usually primarily experience reduced Spongiosum and Glans fullness as opposed to total flattening. If you've reached the level of 3.0, the only way to know if its time to go higher simply comes down to how fast you can move your fingers and arms before your Corpora Spongiosum loses fullness. If you can train for at least 10-15 minutes without losing fullness even at high speeds, this is a sign you are maxing out the hand techniques and will soon require the mechanical intervention of the Angio-Wheel to take your gains/development further.